Where to run
This dog is going to bite again
If I want to get bitten by a mad dog, just leave
Do you think it's great to have a mad dog?
Is there nothing we can do?
Go bring the zone down
Hahahaha
Is it cool to have a dog?
I'll give you a tougher one today.
Purebred authorization
This dog
I'll bite you to death in 3 minutes, hahaha.
Yeah, this dog is pretty cool.
Bulldog
Don't you have to be scared to pee yet?
I'll see if you still call out later.
Don't spare him for me
Wait for you, wait for you, don't wait for you.
Hahahaha
Bronze Buddha is earth
As soon as you come up, press Neil on the ground and rub it
Haha, yes, yes.
Don't bite
Don't bite my distractions
Hey, hey, oops.
This mouth is quite high and will not admit defeat
That didn't work either
There is a gap in inborn experience
Pet dogs can't beat dogs
Strange, is this a pet dog?
Why are you so bitten all over?
Yeah, why is this pet dog stronger than a fighting dog?
As if not afraid of death
Let you cheer let you cheer
Let you cheer
Let him let him
I go I go
This dog is too tough
You can't seem to take it anymore.
Since we seem to have deposited money
Deliberately forcing the front leg to bite
Then let him scream to death
Hey, don't run
Mad dog, this is definitely a mad dog, cousin, run
Are you going to kill?
Life